[blog] week 23 (#482)
packit/packit.dev: content/posts/weekly/June-2022.md

- Packit shows basic information about allowlisting in the status description
  when your namespace is not allowed.
  ([packit-service#1533](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/1533))

## Week 23 (June 7th - June 13th)

> - The creation of Bodhi updates should not time out anymore, because we no longer get the latest build of a package via Bodhi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The creation of Bodhi updates should not time out anymore, because we no longer get the latest build of a package via Bodhi, but use Koji directly.
```
the message felt incomplete to me otherwise

Reviewer: okay, I can see that Mato had an opposite suggestion, let's not change again: if people are interested, they can always open the PR

- Packit shows basic information about allowlisting in the status description
  when your namespace is not allowed.
  ([packit-service#1533](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/1533))

## Week 23 (June 7th - June 13th)

> - The creation of Bodhi updates should no more timeout since we now get the latest build of a package in a tag via Koji
>   instead of Bodhi.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The creation of Bodhi updates should not time out anymore, because we no longer get the latest build of a package via Bodhi.
```

  ([packit#1612](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/1612))
- We have fixed a regression where string values for the `targets` and `dist_git_branches` configuration keys were not accepted.
  ([packit#1608](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/1608))

> - We improved the reporting for the test job if we are not able to find any FMF metadata the `skip_build` option is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We improved the reporting for the test job if we are not able to find any FMF metadata and the `skip_build` option is enabled.
```
